README.md, before:

# ArchForge

ArchForge is an extremely customizable Arch Linux install script tool designed to streamline the process of creating a personalized Arch installer tailored to your specific needs.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Files](#files)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Description

ArchForge simplifies the installation of Arch Linux by providing a set of scripts that can be customized to suit your preferences. Whether you need a basic setup or a fully personalized environment with your preferred tools and dotfiles, ArchForge has you covered.

## Features

- **Customizable installation**: Tailor the installation process to your needs.
- **Post-installation configuration**: Automate the setup of additional tools and configurations.
- **Variable-based customization**: Easily modify settings through a structured variable setup.

## Files

- `arch_installer.sh`: Installs the base system components.
- `arch_post_installer.sh`: Performs post-installation tasks.
- `my_config_installer.sh`: Installs user-specified tools and dotfiles. By default, it includes your configuration.
- `setup_variables.sh`: Allows users to customize installation settings.
- `variables.sh`: Contains system-required variables, branched from `setup_variables.sh`.
- `references/`: Contains reference files to aid in setting up `setup_variables.sh`.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

       git clone https://github.com/arungeorgesaji/ArchForge.git
       
2. Move everything to the home directory:

       mv ArchForge/* .
       
3. Edit the setup_variables.sh according to your requirements this setup_variables is made to lessen the load on you for scripting the my_config_installer.sh and is what make ArchForge is a good tool according to me with your favourite text editor like i use neovim(References folder has files which might help with settings up setup_variables.sh):

       nvim setup_variables.sh

4. I mean you should have done this already and made your own fork already with your own my_config_installer.sh instead of using mine here just use you favourite text editor like previously mentioned i use neovim:

       nvim my_config_installer.sh
       
5. Finally whenever you feel ready you can run the script and its run hopefully getting you a working system in the end:

       ./arch_installer.sh

Commit message:

Updates readme to tell about the required partial update and installation of git using pacman before cloning

README.md, after:

# ArchForge

ArchForge is an extremely customizable Arch Linux install script tool designed to streamline the process of creating a personalized Arch installer tailored to your specific needs.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Files](#files)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Description

ArchForge simplifies the installation of Arch Linux by providing a set of scripts that can be customized to suit your preferences. Whether you need a basic setup or a fully personalized environment with your preferred tools and dotfiles, ArchForge has you covered.

## Features

- **Customizable installation**: Tailor the installation process to your needs.
- **Post-installation configuration**: Automate the setup of additional tools and configurations.
- **Variable-based customization**: Easily modify settings through a structured variable setup.

## Files

- `arch_installer.sh`: Installs the base system components.
- `arch_post_installer.sh`: Performs post-installation tasks.
- `my_config_installer.sh`: Installs user-specified tools and dotfiles. By default, it includes your configuration.
- `setup_variables.sh`: Allows users to customize installation settings.
- `variables.sh`: Contains system-required variables, branched from `setup_variables.sh`.
- `references/`: Contains reference files to aid in setting up `setup_variables.sh`.

## Usage

1. Perform a partial update and also install git(yes partial updates are bad but in this case the iso probably doesn't have the space required for full update and also because its probably not needed and you are fine with the partial update):

       sudo pacman -Sy git
   
2. Clone the repository:

       git clone https://github.com/arungeorgesaji/ArchForge.git
       
3. Move everything to the home directory:

       mv ArchForge/* .
       
4. Edit the setup_variables.sh according to your requirements this setup_variables is made to lessen the load on you for scripting the my_config_installer.sh and is what make ArchForge is a good tool according to me with your favourite text editor like i use neovim(References folder has files which might help with settings up setup_variables.sh):

       nvim setup_variables.sh

5. I mean you should have done this already and made your own fork already with your own my_config_installer.sh instead of using mine here just use you favourite text editor like previously mentioned i use neovim:

       nvim my_config_installer.sh
       
6. Finally whenever you feel ready you can run the script and its run hopefully getting you a working system in the end:

       ./arch_installer.sh
